Hey, I can't think of going out for a few days.
Back to this hellish place
At this frequency
Might as well rent a single room in prison
Save three days and two ends of running back and forth
But then again
Before that
I have thought about how Sun Jiang will make a move
assassination
threaten
kidnapping
I really didn't expect them to choose to plant dirty
Hmph, and it's still so shallow and dirty
Oh, I see.
After all, Qin Feng was underestimated by others
Ouch, you are in good spirits.
Mr. Lu Ya
Someone needs to refresh themselves
Be honest, lest I judge your hamstrings
Drag out
Unexpectedly, a dignified party was trapped
To cling to the powerful
Don't hesitate to frame others
Aren't you afraid of retribution?
Retribution is up to you
Hahahaha
Call me
Just an ant
What are you going to do to me?
You will regret it.
regret
I want to see what you do to make me regret it.
Press me down